enh(release): add release note for Centreon Map 20.10.6 (#1167)
centreon/centreon-documentation: en/releases/centreon-commercial-extensions.md

## Centreon MAP

### 20.10.6

`null`

 - Links to monitoring pages now redirects properly to resource status or older deprecated pages
 - Disabled Business Activities are now displayed as disabled even after restarting centreon-map service
 - HeapDumpPath is now pointing to the proper folder (/var/log/centreon-map folder)
 - Metrics labels with specific characters and white spaces are now supported
 - Service elements in a view are not clickable anymore
 - Metrics not following the naming specification do not cause map server to crash anymore

>  - Perfdata separated by multiple white spaces is now properly handled by map server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Perfdata values separated by multiple white spaces are now properly handled by map server
```
